[Applause]
Simon Cowell as we all know is famous
for recognizing amazing talent so when
he saw what this next man can do he says
even he was blown away my name is Terry
Fator
I am a ventriloquist it all started when
I was 10 years old I went to my school
library and I found a book by complete
accident on ventriloquism I've been
performing them for over 20 years just a
little over a year ago I did a
performance for a thousand sea theatre
in Dallas and there was only one
twelve-year-old boy in the audience and
it was so disheartening I almost gave up
and my wife said no you really are good
at this then opportunity knocked when
Terry got the chance to compete in
America's Got Talent
this is my big break
[Applause]
but Terry believed he could win the
judges over well shows what you got
[Applause]
you came in I thought oh lordy Lord not
again
you are quite brilliant thank you night
after night Terry wowed the judges and
viewers around the country with his
unique talent to know that I could
possibly be the person that brings
ventriloquism back into the mainstream
as a valid art form gives me so much joy
I really can't even describe it the
winner of the title best new Act in
America and the winner of 1 million
dollars is Terry
[Applause]
ladies and gentlemen please welcome
Walter T Airedale what are you gonna do
Walter brought some friends in low
places for my lady Oprah
like
we're shine
boy
[Music]
right
do the
and free
well tirtir Dale
[Applause]
this is Julius not Julius uh you want to
do something oh yeah I gotta do the love
game let's get it on Oprah you hot
[Music]
[Applause]
Winston the impersonating turtle
[Music]
Wow
audience wants to see more of you I hear
you're in Vegas that's right I'm at the
Las Vegas Hilton for the rest of the
year all the way one weekend a month all
the way through the rest of the year I
do a theaters all over the country
corporate parties all over the country
just having the time of my life you are
[Applause]
I'm Terry's the show and the new season
of America's Got Talent
begins June 24th were you as shocked
were you as shocked as you appear to be
when you won completely stunned yeah I
didn't think America was gonna vote a
ventriloquist as the best in the country
yeah you knew it fantastic thank you so
much Terry back
[Applause]